hello today we're making meatloaf
this is a recipe that I make quite often
and just like any kind of meatloaf it
can be really individualized to your own
specific tastes put whatever you want in
it but this is what I generally put in
mine as a filler I put 1/2 cup of dry
bread crumbs 1/2 cup of quick cooking
oats although you could use large flake
oats as well to this I add 1 teaspoon of
salt about a teaspoon of pepper about
1/2 cup of milk 2 beaten eggs and some
garlic powder I guess that's about a
teaspoon and I put some minced dried
onion because max doesn't like the fresh
onions too much in there so it doesn't
seem to mind the dried onions and a few
shakes of Worcester sauce and they're
going to blend this together now really
the only really good way to blend
meatloaf is with your hands so that's
we're going to do next
ok there's two schools of thought as far
as meatloaf go some of them say you
should just hardly mix that at all
mixing it just barely and leave the meat
alone I like to mix the meat very very
well mix ingredients in very well and
work the meatloaf until you it gets very
smooth it changes the consistency of the
meat you'll get more of a compact loafie
kind of texture to the meat after it's
cooked if you work it quite a bit I like
that you may not so you do what you want
then take a large baking pan and you're
going to form it into a loaf shape now
what I do is on the top the top I kind
of flatten out a little bit and I make
it kind of into very shallow kind of
shape if you can imagine so that there's
like an indentation on the top now this
is just so that when you pour the sauce
over top that it holds it in now this is
my sauce that I make I don't usually
measure well you kind of pour it into
the bowl but I measured it just to see
how roughly what the quantities were
that's about a cup of ketchup I add
about two heaping tablespoons of brown
sugar and about tablespoon and a half or
so of prepared yellow mustard
and about a tablespoon of Worcester
sauce and stir this together and this is
what's going to go over top of the
meatloaf and you'll see that the sauce
whilst the sauce will stay on the top of
the meatloaf because you created a
little spot for there it is just out of
the oven you want to bake it for about
an hour until a meat thermometer pushed
into the center is at least 160 degrees
Fahrenheit that way you know that it's
safe T then you just let it rest for
about 15 minutes and then you can slice
it up
you